[Music]
Hey want to see something fast I ate one
meal a day for a month see what happened
to me get it fast okay
did you know that the human body can
survive without a bite of food for up to
three weeks of course it's a different
story with water you wouldn't last more
than three or four days without it but
with different diets and fasting gaining
popularity I couldn't help but wonder
what would happen to my body if I ate
just one meal every day for 30 days I
did it and here's what I got out of it
just don't forget to click the subscribe
button and ring the notification bell to
join the bright side you and I both know
that people are expected to eat three
full meals a day breakfast lunch and
dinner
depending on how filling those meals are
you may squeeze in a few snacks here and
there I know I do
flaming hot cheetos are my kryptonite
and it works out pretty nicely
it usually takes about four hours after
each meal for your belly to start making
those too often than not embarrassing
monstrous growls reminding you that it's
time for your next meal but with so many
people posting about the benefits of
time based diets like intermittent
fasting I start wondering about the
effects changing the time and frequency
of my meals would have on my body would
I manage to lose a few pounds would I
have more or less energy would my body
magically start to look like Bryan
Reynolds I just had to find out for
myself that's when I came across what
they call the one meal a day diet yep
it's exactly what it says you eat just
one meal a day there are too many strict
guidelines to this diet you can
essentially eat any food you want and as
much as you want
as long as it's during your one singular
meal of the day now before I go into
detail about what happened during the 30
days of my one meal a day diet
please remember that all people are
different so how I reacted to the diet
may be way different from how your body
would react before trying a complete
change in diet it's never a bad idea to
visit your doctor just to make sure
you're in good health and you won't be
harming your body at all okay now that I
got that disclaimer out of the way here
we go
in my experience there were a few pros
and cons to this diet I'll start with
the good stuff number one you don't have
to think much huh lucky for me one of
the coolest things about the one meal a
day diet is that you don't really have
to worry much about what you're reading
unlike a lot of other diets there are no
special ingredients involved and no
annoying calorie counting if you want
french fries have french fries if you're
craving a big bowl of spaghetti go for
it - it's great for sustaining weight
loss now just because you have only one
meal a day doesn't mean you should go
wild and eat a massive portion making
yourself sick is never a fun or healthy
option if weight loss is a goal of yours
it's important not to overeat during
your one meal since it can disrupt the
diet's ability to help you maintain a
steady drop in pounds number three your
appetite does shrink one of the biggest
things I was worried about when starting
the one meal a day diet was feeling
starved all day but after trying it for
a couple of days I found that my body
quickly adjusted to this way of eating
and my appetite really wasn't all that
raging this must be because my stomach
probably shrank after a few days so I
felt satisfied with just one meal a day
well the pros to the diet plan proved
pretty awesome there were some downsides
as well and they were one wicked hunger
pains in the beginning for the first
couple of days my stomach was definitely
feeling hunger pangs it started with
stomach growls and
with painful cramping luckily after a
few days the hunger pangs occurred less
and less since like I mentioned before
my stomach likely started to shrink
I found that making sure I drank plenty
of water helped on particularly
difficult days to low energy with the
one meal a day diet you're consuming
substantially fewer calories than your
body is used to as you may already know
calories help fuel our bodies and give
us energy for the first week I just
wanted to lie on the couch and Netflix
and chill all day long my energy was
super low and I felt lethargic in
addition to the decrease in calorie
intake my body was also getting used to
the lack of sugary snacks I often eat
before so if you're one of those people
who need a daily sugar Joel to get going
this diet will prove quite difficult but
if you can get through the cravings
they'll eventually go away and your
energy levels will balance out mine did
at least so all in all I was pretty
pleased with a one meal a day diet I
only did it for 30 days although I
probably could have gone longer but it's
not a competition or anything in fact
doing a diet like this for more than a
month or so may not be the best thing
for your body and health so again it's
always a good idea to consult your
doctor first after the 30 days I found
that I'd actually dropped a few pounds
I felt pretty awesome not only because
I'd gotten leaner and felt healthier but
I was also really proud of myself for
sticking to a diet that I could easily
have given up on it just proves how much
you can accomplish if you put your mind
to it of course when I was doing my
research before I started this little
experiment I did come across some
concerns that medical experts have
regarding the one meal a day diet one of
the main concerns I found online was the
fact that
and men respond differently to this type
of intermittent fasting women have a
stronger need for iron in their diet so
with just one meal a day they may be
depriving themselves of it and that's
not good I also read up on different
studies one of them was conducted in
2017 by researchers at the University of
Saskatchewan I love saying Saskatchewan
they found that the one meal a day diet
can be helpful for people suffering from
type 2 diabetes since it helps with
weight loss and reducing blood sugar
levels on the other hand a lot of
medical resources online don't recommend
this sort of eating pattern if you have
diabetes given that this disease
involves such a delicate balance of
keeping your blood sugar levels in check
again this is where consulting with your
own doctor is a must
other studies have shown that it can
really help increase the lifespan in
people with obesity and there are still
others that have found a connection
between reduced calorie intake and
improved heart function and memory I
didn't experience any of that I'm sorry
what did I just say but I only tried the
diet once all I know is that there's
plenty of positive feedback online when
it comes to the one meal a day diet it's
just a super specific thing that each
person should check with their doctor to
see if they can do it safely a lot of
people swear by it and I'm happy with
the weight loss results I got did I get
Ryan Reynolds body no he's still using
it but I like the one I got so if you're
looking to lose a few inches like I was
or you just want to feel better in your
day to day life the one meal a day diet
may be just exactly what you're looking
for that being said is anyone else ready
for lunch just me okay cool would you
ever consider doing the one meal a day
diet let everybody know down in the
comments don't forget to give this video
a like share it with your friends and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life
you